“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” – Walt Disney
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started.” – Mark Twain
“I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.” – Michael Jordan
“Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.” – Mary Kay Ash
“The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.” – Chinese Proverb
“Only the paranoid survive.” – Andy Grove
“It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth
“I wake up every morning and think to myself, ‘how far can I push this company in the next 24 hours.’” – Leah Busque
“If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can’t hear them anymore.” – Michele Ruiz
“We need to accept that we won’t always make the right decisions, that we’ll screw up royally sometimes – understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success.” – Arianna Huffington
“Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it, sauté it, whatever. MAKE.” – Joss Whedon
“The same boiling water that softens the potato hardens the egg. It’s what you’re made of. Not the circumstances.” – Unknown
“If we have the attitude that it’s going to be a great day it usually is.” – Catherine Pulsifier
“You can either experience the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The choice is yours.”  – Unknown
“Impossible is just an opinion.” – Paulo Coelho
“Your passion is waiting for your courage to catch up.” – Isabelle Lafleche
“Magic is believing in yourself. If you can make that happen, you can make anything happen.” – Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
“If something is important enough, even if the odds are stacked against you, you should still do it.” – Elon Musk
“Hold the vision, trust the process.” – Unknown
“Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.” – John D. Rockefeller
“People who wonder if the glass is half empty or full miss the point. The glass is refillable.” – Unknown
“The hard days are what make you stronger.” – Aly Raisman
“If you believe it’ll work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you don’t believe it’ll work out, you’ll see obstacles.” – Wayne Dyer
“Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them.” – Shonda Rhimes
“You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.” – George Lorimer
“I now tried a new hypothesis: It was possible that I was more in charge of my happiness than I was allowing myself to be.” – Michelle Obama
“In a gentle way, you can shake the world.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” – Kurt Cobain
“Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.” – Roy T. Bennett
“Work hard in silence, let your success be the noise.” – Frank Ocean
“Dreams don’t work unless you do.” – John C. Maxwell
“Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded there.” – Dr. Wayne D. Dyer
“Keep your face always toward the sunshine – and shadows will fall behind you.” – Walt Whitman
“What defines us is how well we rise after falling.” – Lionel from Maid in Manhattan Movie
H.O.P.E. = Hold On. Pain Ends.
Make each day your masterpiece. – John Wooden
“Wherever you go, go with all your heart” – Confucius
“Turn your wounds into wisdom” – Oprah
“We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.” – Helen Keller
“Begin anywhere.” – John Cage
“If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.” – Katharine Hepburn
“You were born to be a player. You were meant to be here. This moment is yours.” – Herb Brooks
“Life is not what you alone make it. Life is the input of everyone who touched your life and every experience that entered it. We are all part of one another.” – Yuri Kochiyama
“When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang out.” – Abraham Lincoln
“Never regret anything that made you smile.” – Mark Twain
“You must do the thing you think you cannot do.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“If you want to fly give up everything that weighs you down.” – Buddha
“Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.” – Suzy Kassem
“I never lose. Either I win or learn.” – Nelson Mandela
“Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.” – Ken Poirot
“Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing the monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.” – C.S. Lewis
You’re so much stronger than your excuses
Don’t compare yourself to others. Be like the sun and the moon and shine when it’s your time.
Don’t Quit
Don’t tell everyone your plans, instead show them your results.
“I choose to make the rest of my life, the best of my life.” – Louise Hay
“Nothing can dim the light that shines from within.” – Maya Angelou
“Be so good they can’t ignore you.” – Steve Martin
“Take criticism seriously, but not personally. If there is truth or merit in the criticism, try to learn from it. Otherwise, let it roll right off you.” – Hillary Clinton
“This is a reminder to you to create your own rule book, and live your life the way you want it.” – Reese Evans
“If you don’t get out of the box you’ve been raised in, you won’t understand how much bigger the world is.” – Angelina Jolie
“I am thankful for all of those who said NO to me. It’s because of them I’m doing it myself.” – Wayne W. Dyer
It’s okay to outgrow people who don’t grow. Grow tall anyways.
When you feel like giving up just remember that there are a lot of people you still have to prove wrong.
“The world is full of nice people. If you can’t find one, be one.” – Nishan Panwar
“Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got to keep going.” – Chantal Sutherland
“A walk to a nearby park may give you more energy and inspiration in life than spending two hours in front of a screen.” – Tsang Lindsay
“If you can’t do anything about it then let it go. Don’t be a prisoner to things you can’t change.” – Tony Gaskins
“You can’t go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending.” – C.S. Lewis
“Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.” – Rumi
“I can and I will. Watch me.” – Carrie Green
“And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.” ― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist
“Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won’t feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do.” – Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of “A Course in Miracles”
“Don’t think or judge, just listen.”― Sarah Dessen, Just Listen
“I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.” – Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.” ― Martin Luther King Jr., A Testament of Hope: The Essential Writings and Speeches
“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You’re on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who’ll decide where to go…” ― Dr. Seuss, Oh, the Places You’ll Go!
“It’s the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.” ― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist
“There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for.” – J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers
“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.”― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
“Atticus, he was real nice.” “Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them.” ― Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird
“The best way to predict your future is to create it.” – Abraham Lincoln
“Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose.” – G.K. Nielson
“Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.” – Sam Levenson
“Work until your rivals become idols.” – Drake
“You can’t have a million dollar dream on a minimum wage work ethic.” – Unknown
“You must do the kind of things you think you cannot do.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“It’s not what you do once in a while it’s what you do day in and day out that makes the difference.” – Jenny Craig
“Falling down is how we grow. Staying down is how we die.” – Brian Vaszily
“Wealth isn’t about having a lot of money it’s about having a lot of options.” – Chris Rock
“There may be people that have more talent than you, but there’s no excuse for anyone to work harder than you.” – Derek Jeter
“Always be careful when you follow the masses. Sometimes the m is silent.” – Unknown
Never let anyone treat you like you’re regular glue. You’re glitter glue.
“If you fall – I’ll be there.” – Floor
“When Plan “A” doesn’t work, don’t worry, you still have 25 more letters to go through.” – Unknown
“If you think you’re too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.” – Dalai Lama
“If at first you don’t succeed, then skydiving isn’t for you.” – Steven Wright
“A diamond is merely a lump of coal that did well under pressure.” – Unknown
“I find television very educational. Every time someone turns it on, I go in the other room and read a book.’ – Groucho Marx
“Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.” – Kyle Chandler
“I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.” – Thomas A. Edison
“You could rattle the stars,” she whispered. “You could do anything, if only you dared. And deep down, you know it, too. That’s what scares you most.” ― Sarah J. Maas
“It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest. – Walter Anderson
“The adventure of life is to learn. The purpose of life is to grow. The nature of life is to change. The challenge of life is to overcome. The essence of life is to care. The opportunity of like is to serve. The secret of life is to dare. The spice of life is to befriend. The beauty of life is to give.” – William Arthur Ward
“When you know your worth, no one can make you feel worthless.” – Unknown
“If you’ve never eaten while crying you don’t know what life tastes like.” – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“If you judge people, you have no time to love them.” – Mother Teresa
“Once you do know what the question actually is, you’ll know what the answer means.”– Douglas Adams
“The two most important days in your life are the day you’re born and the day you find out why.” – Mark Twain
“Nothing ever goes away until it teaches us what we need to know.” – Pema Chodron
‘We can see through others only when we can see through ourselves.” – Bruce Lee
“I really appreciate people who correct me, because without them, I might have been repeating mistakes for a long time.” – Mufti Menk
“Motivation comes from working on things we care about.” – Sheryl Sandberg
“If today you are a little bit better than you were yesterday, then that’s enough.” – David A. Bednar
“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.” – Nelson Mandela
“If you can’t make a mistake you can’t make anything.” – Marva Collin
“Practice makes progress not perfect.” – Unknown
“You may be disappointed if you fail, but you’ll be doomed if you don’t try.” – Beverly Sills
“Failure is the tuition you pay for success.” – Walter Brunell
“If we wait until we’re ready, we’ll be waiting for the rest of our lives.” – Lemony Snicket
“Study while others are sleeping; work while others are loafing; prepare while others are playing; and dream while others are wishing.” – William Arthur Ward“The best revenge is massive success.” – Frank Sinatra
“What’s on the other side of fear? Nothing.” – Jamie Foxx
“Quitters never win. Winners never quit!” Dr. Irene C. Kassorla
“It’s not your salary that makes you rich, it’s your spending habits.” – Charles A. Jaffe
“If there is no wind, row.” – Latin Proverb
“It’s never too late for a new beginning in your life.” – Joyce Meyers
“If opportunity doesn’t knock build a door.” – Milton Berle
“Action is the foundational key to all success.” – Pablo Picasso
“I never dreamt of success. I worked for it.” – Estee Lauder
“A goal is a dream with a deadline.” – Napoleon Hill
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.”― Mahatma Gandhi
“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.” ― Margaret Mead
“Change is painful, but nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don’t belong.” – Mandy Hale
“Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.” – George Bernard Shaw
“Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.”
― Leo Tolstoy
“Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.” – John F. Kennedy
“We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.”― Maya Angelou
“Dreams are the seeds of change. Nothing ever grows without a seed, and nothing ever changes without a dream.” – Debby Boone
“Here’s to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. The round pegs in the square holes. The ones who see things differently. They’re not fond of rules. And they have no respect for the status quo. You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them. About the only thing you can’t do is ignore them. Because they change things. They push the human race forward. And while some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.”― Rob Siltanen
“Don’t give up, don’t take anything personally, and don’t take no for an answer.” – Sophia Amoruso
“Don’t be upset when people reject you. Nice things are rejected all the time by people who can’t afford them.” – Unknown
“The secret of change is to focus all your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.” – Socrates
“There are two rules for success. 1: Never reveal everything you know.” – Roger H. Lincoln
“Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success.” – Shiv Khera
“Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do”  ― Pele
“If you talk about it, it’s a dream. If you envision it, it’s possible. If you schedule it, it’s real.” – Tony Robbins
“Forget your excuses. You either want it bad or don’t want it at all.” – Unknown
“The key to success is to start before you are ready.” – Marie Forleo
“I want to be remembered as the one who tried.” – Dr. Dorothy Height
“You can’t let your failures define you. You have to let your failures teach you.” – Barack Obama
“Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose.” – Bill Gates
“Stop being afraid of what could go wrong, and start being excited about what could go right.” – Tony Robbins
“Think like a Queen. A Queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another stepping stone to greatness.” – Oprah
“Defeat is a state of mind; no one is ever defeated until defeat is accepted as a reality.” – Bruce Lee
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” – Confucius
“It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all – in which case, you fail by default.” – J.K. Rowling
“Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm” – Winston Churchill
“Why do we grieve failures longer than we celebrate wins?” – Komal Kapoor
“Failure isn’t the end of the road. It’s a big red flag saying to you ‘Wrong way. Turn around.’” – Oprah Winfrey
"Whenever you feel like a failure, just remember that even Coca Cola only sold 25 bottles their first year"
“No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.” – Robin Williams
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” – Albert Einstein
“You’re off to Great Places! Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting, so… get on your way!” – Dr. Seuss
“When thinking about life, remember this: no amount of guilt can change the past and no amount of anxiety can change the future.” – Unknown
“A negative mind will never give you a positive life.” – Unknown
“Everything is hard before it is easy.” – Goethe
“At the end of the day we can endure much more than we think we can.” – Frida Kahlo
“Whatever you do never run back to what broke you.” – Frank Ocean
“Take the risk or lose the chance.” – Unknown
“I didn’t learn to be quiet when I had an opinion. The reason they knew who I was is because I told them.” – Ursula Burns
“Never regret a day in your life. Good days bring you happiness and bad days give you experience.” – Unknown
“Either you run the day, or the day runs you.” – Jim Rohn
“Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.” – Carol Burnett
“Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.” – Charles R. Swindoll
“Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.” – William James
When the pain of an obstacle is too great, challenge yourself to be stronger.
“Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.” – Will Rogers
“Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.” – Marcus Aurelius
“Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.” Helen Keller
“The woman who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd. The woman who walks alone is likely to find herself in places no one has been before.’ – Albert Einstein
“Life’s like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.” – Jim Hensen
“A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one.” ― George R.R. Martin
“I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.”― Groucho Marx
“Never stop learning because life never stops teaching.” –Unknown
“If you’re the smartest person in the room, you’re in the wrong room.” – Unknown
“The capacity to learn is a gift; the ability to learn is a skill; the willingness to learn is a choice.”– Brian Herbert
“The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.”― Mark Twain
“To learn a language is to have one more window from which to look at the world.” – Chinese Proverb
“I’m still learning.” – Michelangelo
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“Education is the most powerful weapon you can use to change the world.” – Nelson Mandela
“What is coming is better than what is gone.” – Unknown
“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”― Roy T. Bennett
“Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.”― Marcus Aurelius
“Do something today that your future self will thank you for.” –Unknown
“The greatest weapon against stress is the ability to choose one thought over another.” – William James
“It takes nothing to join the crowd. It takes everything to stand alone.” – Hans F. Hansen
“Your mind is powerful. When you fill it with positive thoughts your whole world will change.” – Unknown
“Your only limit is your mind.” – Unknown
“Stop being afraid of what can go wrong and start being positive about what can go right.” – Unknown
“The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do.” – Unknown
“You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.” – Zig Ziglar
“One thing’s for sure, if you don’t play, you don’t win.” – Kylie Francis
“Winning means you’re willing to go longer, work harder, and give more than anyone else.” – Vince Lombardi
“Talent wins games, but teamwork wins championships.” – Michael Jordan
“When I win and when I lose, I take ownership of it, because I really am in charge of what I do.” – Nicki Minaj
“A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning.” – Billie Jean King
‘Competing at the highest level is not about winning. It’s about preparation, courage, understanding, nurturing your people, and heart. Winning is the result.” – Joe Torre
“A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.” – Nelson Mandela
“The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.” – Mike Murdock
“Losers quit when they fail. Winners fail until they succeed.” –Robert T. Kiyosaki
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” – George Eliot
“Words can inspire, thoughts can provoke, but only action truly brings you closer to your dreams.” – Brad Sugars
“Don’t stop when you are tired. Stop when you are done.” – Unknown
“Don’t tell people about your dreams. Show them your dreams.” – Unknown
“Revenge is a powerful motivator.” – Marcus Luttrell
“Motivation may be what starts you off, but it’s habit that keeps you going back for more.”  – Miya Yamanouchi
“I will not erase all my hard work this week because it’s the weekend.” – Unknown
“It might not be easy but it’ll be worth it.” – Unknown
“Make your fear of losing your greatest motivator.” – Unknown
“You will never always be motivated, so you must learn to be disciplined.” –Unknown
“I’m not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.” – Stephen Covey
“True success is inversely proportional to time” - Unknown
